Ah, right?
It's okay, I'm okay.
Although you think too highly of yourself
I signed the contract for you
Your little money
Countless of my wine
What a big breath
Sign a contract
It was obviously given to Ran Ran by my brother Longyanchi
Just a barbecue seller
Sorry to tell this big lie here
Lie, then you can ask Longyanchi
If I don't agree to the 100 billion contract rush
As fate would have it, for the sake of your birth mother
I can tolerate it again and again
But that doesn't mean you can be rude
Provoke my big brother to disrespect our farm family
I now demand that you kneel down and apologize to us immediately
It turned out to be a short-sighted vendor selling barbecues
I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Poor Miss Shi, talking about such a life is really
Shiyun, I have cut ties with you
If you are willing to kneel down to my godmother today and admit your mistake
Maybe I'll intercede for you.
This Governor Long looks at the face of his godmother
I can also spare your life
It's you who made me kneel for him
He also deserves
Mrs. Jing's first-term tour is not eligible
Then add me, the president of the Sea Chamber of Commerce
Is the constitution enough?
Isn't it enough?
What about Wang Peng, the lord of Haicheng City?
And I, the godfather of the Luo Sha Gang, Li Minghai
Is this qualified enough?
Far from enough
I see.
Everyone here wants to see me being bullied
Too bad you don't deserve it